hello and welcome to the shell
eco-marathon and shell Energy Lab
outside students are competing to design
a car that can go the furthest on the
least amount of fuel and in here in the
energy lab we're doing something similar
the challenge is to turn this into licks
and then race it on that track over
there powered only by saltwater it's all
very well before we met be better surely
we can improve the performance of these
little things I don't know bigger
engines oilers special tires time for
the saltwater car challenge so we've got
some teams over here we're also
competing in our race we are the
technical university of new Lincoln the
modifications have you made to it we've
been lightened our car most of all we
saw that we have to get up a slope and
we thought that it might help who are
you guys we are team Imagineers we have
an extra engine in this one an extra in
gear we have an equitable wheel drive
what gives us four wheel drive yeah and
then naturally because it's fast it
needs tinted glass and a big spoiler on
the right we must seriously upset the
team from Munich n you understand well I
think it's time to get on with the race
well there you have it ladies and
gentlemen it turns out all you needed to
win the mini eco marathon with stickers
and a complete lack of technical
knowledge these guys obviously clean too
fast you weren't fast enough you were
given him slow you're too slow the
Imagineers and your two engines how did
how did that go did I pick really
looking to start there nothing really
happened at the start that's right yeah
I mean in the middle of the race what
happened he also nothing and at the end
of the race you say your dns your second
and last yet and we are he won 31
you